Added Machine ID documentation (#10775)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/machine-id/getting-started.mdx

---
title: Machine ID Getting Started Guide
description: Getting started with Teleport Machine ID
---

> # Getting Started

Reviewer: I think we can remove this H1

Author: Just remove the line altogether or the `#`?

Reviewer: The whole line (as in the latest version of this page)

> In this getting started guide we will use Machine ID to create an identity for a machine and use that identity to connect to a SSH server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this getting started guide, we will use Machine ID to create an identity for a machine and use that identity to connect to an SSH server.
```

Here's an overview of what we will do:

> 1. Download and install Teleport (=teleport.version=).

Reviewer: So it's clear how this guide applies to all Teleport deployments (including Cloud), I think this should indicate where in your deployment Teleport will be installed to follow this guide. For example:
- A new Teleport node for your existing cluster
- The Auth/Proxy service (i.e., this wouldn't be compatible with Cloud)
- Every host you plan to run the `teleport` daemon on, including the Auth Service, Proxy Service, and Nodes

> 2. Create Bot User

Reviewer: I think we should replace "Bot User" with a more descriptive term/definition.

3. Start Machine ID
4. Use Machine ID

## Prerequisites

Before using Machine ID, you will need an existing Teleport cluster.

> If you have not setup a Teleport cluster before, follow the [Getting started on a Linux Server](https://goteleport.com/docs/getting-started/linux-server/) guide for instructions.

Reviewer: Should we link to the Getting Started index page in case the user wants to try Teleport on a different environment (e.g. Kubernetes or a local docker-compose cluster) or is more interested in Cloud? https://goteleport.com/docs/getting-started/

## Step 1/4. Download and install Teleport (=teleport.version=).

> Machine ID is available starting from `9.0.0` release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Machine ID is available starting from Teleport version `9.0.0`.
```

Download the appropriate version of Teleport for your platform from
our [downloads page](https://goteleport.com/teleport/download).

> You will be using the `tbot` binary from the package you download and install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will be using the `tbot` binary from the package you will download and install.
```

> You will be using the `tbot` binary to from the package you download and install.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will be using the `tbot` binary from the package you download and install.
```

> ## Step 2/4. Create Bot User

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 2/4. Create a bot user
```

> 

Reviewer: Is a bot user any process that is intended to access some remote resource?

Before you create a bot user, you need to determine which role you want to assign to it. You can use `tctl` to examine what roles exist on your system.

> ```bash

Reviewer: I think we should use `code` here so we can take advantage of our in-house formatting and logic.

> Before you create a bot user, you need to determine which role you want to assign to the bot user. You can use `tctl` to examine what roles exist on your system.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Before you create a bot user, you need to determine which role you want to assign to it. You can use `tctl` to examine what roles exist on your system.
```

> $ tctl get roles --format=text

Reviewer 3: Should we mention that Teleport Cloud users should use `tctl` on their client machines after logging in with `tsh login` and self-hosted Teleport users should use it on the Auth Server node?

Author: I used the switcher to do this. I think it should work, but maybe @ptgott can help me look at a preview?

Reviewer: The `Details` approach looks good to me!

auditor no-login-6566121f-b602-47f1-a118-c9c618ee5aec             session:list,read,event:list,read                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
editor                                                            user:list,create,read,update,delete,...
```

> The above output is from a fresh install of Teleport with the default roles, your cluster may have additional roles. In our example, let’s assume you want to give the bot `access` role to allow it to connect to SSH servers within your cluster.

Reviewer: I would use an em dash or semicolon instead of a comma in the first sentence of the paragraph (preference for em dash since it's less stuffy).

> The above output is from a fresh install of Teleport with the default roles, your cluster may have additional roles. In our example, let’s assume you want to give the bot `access` role to allow it to connect to SSH servers within your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above output is from a fresh install of Teleport with the default roles, your cluster may have additional roles. In our example, let’s assume you want to give the bot the `access` role to allow it to connect to SSH servers within your cluster.
```

> The above output is from a fresh install of Teleport with the default roles, your cluster may have additional roles. In our example, let’s assume you want to give the bot `access` role to allow it to connect to SSH servers within your cluster.

Reviewer 2: Are we allowing the bot to connect to SSH servers, or we allowing the bot to issue certificates that allow other machines to connect to SSH servers within the cluster?

```bash

> $ tctl bots add robot --roles=access

Reviewer: Since we use the output of this command later in the guide, I think it would be good to show the output.

Author: I can do that, but we don't do this elsewhere in the docs do we? That's why I didn't include it.

```

## Step 3/4. Start Machine ID

> Now start Machine ID using the `tbot` binary.

Reviewer 3: It also would be helpful to include common usage patterns with examples. For example, where do you normally start the tbot? I assume it's on the machine which will be using these certificates so e.g. your CI machine. Might be helpful to mention this explicitly.

Reviewer 4: I figure there's (at least) 3 patterns to support here:

1. Demos and experimentation, where we run the bot manually as in the instructions here
2. One-shots, where we have the bot issue certs once and exit (pending support, planning to add a `--oneshot` flag for 9.0). Also expect this to be the use-case for IAM joining, CI, and so on.
3. Long-lived continuously-renewed certs, and ideally the bot is deployed in a production-hardened way. Dedicated system user account, systemd service, `tbot init` ACLs, etc.

Author: Good question, what is the purpose of the Getting Started guide? To outline a simple use case or enumerate all? I was thinking about later having different sections that explain the different modes?

Reviewer 4: Different sections/guides/etc make sense to me, I think that mirrors our docs for the Teleport server as well.

> ```

Reviewer 2: Is it worth adding a note here that this is using "token-based" joining and that we also support IAM join?

$ tbot start \

>    --data-dr=/var/lib/teleport

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   --data-dir=/var/lib/teleport
```

   --destination-dir=./machine-id \
   --token=00000000000000000000000000000000 \
   --ca-pin=sha256:1111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 \
   --auth-server=auth.example.com:3025
```

Replace the following fields with values from your own cluster.

* `token`: Replace this with the token that was output by the `tctl bots add` command
* `ca-pin` Replace this with the CA Pin that was output by the `tctl bots add` command

> * `auth-server`: Replace this with the address of your Teleport Auth server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `auth-server`: Replace this with the address of your Teleport Auth Server.
```

> * `auth-server`: Replace this with the address of your Teleport Auth server.

Reviewer 3: Seems like this line duplicates below.

Reviewer 3: Also, add explanation of the `--destination-dir` flag?

> <Details scope={["cloud"]} scopeOnly={true}>

Reviewer: So we don't have repetition with the list above, maybe replace the whole list with a `Tabs` component with `TabItem`s scoped to self-hosted/Cloud.

> * `auth-server`: Replace this with the address of your Teleport auth server server.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `auth-server`: Replace this with the address of your Teleport Auth Server.
```

</Details>
<Details scope={["oss","enterprise"]} scopeOnly={true}>

> * `auth-server`: Replace this with the address of your Teleport Cloud proxy server.

Reviewer 3: I think we're capitalizing the names of Teleport components/services.
```suggestion
* `auth-server`: Replace this with the address of your Teleport Cloud Proxy Server.
```

</Details>

Once Machine ID is successfully started, let’s investigate the `machine-id` directory to see what was written to disk.

> ```

Reviewer: Maybe use `code` here?

$ tree ./machine-id
machine-id
├── key
├── key.pub
├── known_hosts
├── ssh_config
├── sshcacerts
├── sshcert
├── tlscacerts
└── tlscert

0 directories, 8 files
```

> This directory contains private key material, SSH certificates, x509 certificates, and OpenSSH configuration to make it easy to integrate Machine ID with external tooling.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This directory contains private key material, SSH certificates, X.509 certificates, and OpenSSH configuration to make it easy to integrate Machine ID with external tooling.
```

## Step 4/4. Use Machine ID

To use Machine ID, find a host that is registered within your cluster to connect to using `tsh ls`. You might see output like the following on your own system.

> ```bash

Reviewer: Use `code` here?

$ tsh ls
Node Name Address        Labels                        
--------- -------------- ----------------------------- 
node-name  127.0.0.1:3022 arch=x86_64,group=api-servers 
```

> To use Machine ID with OpenSSH integration, simply run the following command to connect to `node-name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Machine ID with the OpenSSH integration, simply run the following command to connect to `node-name`.
```

```
ssh -F ~/machine-id/ssh_config root@node-name
```

> Now you can replace any invocations of `ssh` with the above command for automation to use Machine ID.

Reviewer 2: I think it's worth mentioning that `tbot` is still running in the background and periodically renewing these certificates.

## Next Steps

For the next steps, dive deeper into the topics relevant to your Machine ID use-case, for example:

> 

Reviewer: Getting 404s from these two links

---
title: Machine ID Getting Started Guide
description: Getting started with Teleport Machine ID
---

In this getting started guide, you will use Machine ID to create a bot user for
a machine and use that identity to connect to said machine.

Here's an overview of what you will do:

1. Download and install Teleport (=teleport.version=)
2. Create bot user
3. Start Machine ID

> 4. Use certificates issued by Machine ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Use certificates issued by Machine ID to connect to a remote machine
```

## Prerequisites

> Before using Machine ID, you will need an existing Teleport cluster.

Reviewer: I think we should make it explicit at this point that "existing Teleport cluster" can include Teleport Cloud, otherwise this is something a user might be wondering now.

If you have not set up a Teleport cluster before, follow the

> [Getting started](https://goteleport.com/docs/getting-started) guide to setup a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Getting started](https://goteleport.com/docs/getting-started) guide to set up a
```

Teleport cluster.

## Step 1/4. Download and install Teleport (=teleport.version=)

In this step, you will be downloading and installing Teleport binaries onto the

> machine you wish to assign an identity to. Teleport packages hosted on our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
machine you wish to assign an identity to. 

Each Teleport package hosted on our
```

downloads page ships with several useful binaries, including `teleport`,
`tctl`, `tsh`, and `tbot`:

* `teleport` is the daemon used to initialize a Teleport cluster; this binary is not used in this guide
* `tctl` is the administrative tool you will use to create the bot user (step 1/4)
* `tsh` is the client tool you will use to log in to the Teleport Cluster (steps 2/4 and 4/4)
* `tbot` is the Machine ID tool you will use to associate a bot user with a machine (step 3/4)

Machine ID is available starting from the Teleport `9.0.0` release. Download
the appropriate Teleport package for your platform from our
[downloads page](https://goteleport.com/teleport/download).

## Step 2/4. Create bot user

Before you create a bot user, you need to determine which role(s) you want to
assign to it. You can use the `tctl` command below to examine what roles exist
on your system.

<Details scope={["cloud"]} scopeOnly={true}>

> On your client machine, login to Teleport using `tsh` then `tctl` to examine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On your client machine, log in to Teleport using `tsh`, then use `tctl` to examine
```

what roles exist on your system.
</Details>
<Details scope={["oss","enterprise"]} scopeOnly={true}>

> Connect to Teleport Auth Server and use `tctl` to examine what roles exist on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect to the Teleport Auth Server and use `tctl` to examine what roles exist on
```

your system.
</Details>

```code
$ tctl get roles --format=text
```

> You will see something like below on a fresh install of Teleport with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will see something like the output below on a fresh install of Teleport with the
```

> default roles -- your cluster may have different roles. In this example, let's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default roles—your cluster may have different roles. In this example, let's
```
replacing with the em dash character

auditor no-login-6566121f-b602-47f1-a118-c9c618ee5aec             session:list,read,event:list,read                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
editor                                                            user:list,create,read,update,delete,...
```

> Machine ID can join with a token or [IAM Method](https://goteleport.com/docs/setup/guides/joining-nodes-aws) on AWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Machine ID can join with a token or the [IAM Method](https://goteleport.com/docs/setup/guides/joining-nodes-aws) on AWS.
```

<Tabs>
  <TabItem label="Token-based Joining">
  ```code
  $ tctl bots add robot --roles=access
  ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem label="IAM Method">

>   First, create a IAM method token that specifies the AWS account from which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  First, create an IAM method token that specifies the AWS account from which
```

>   the bot can join from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the bot can join.
```

  ```
  kind: token
  version: v2
  metadata:
    # The token name is not a secret because instances must prove that they are
    # running in your AWS account to use this token.
    name: iam-token

>     # Set a long expiry time, the default for tokens is only 30 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Set a long expiry time. The default for tokens is only 30 minutes.
```

    expires: "3000-01-01T00:00:00Z"
  spec:
    # Only allow bots to join using this token.
    roles: [Bot]
  
    # Set the join method to be IAM.
    join_method: iam

    # Define the name of the bot that will be allowed to use this token. Note,

>     # the "bot-" prefix is required, the name of the bot you will create is "robot".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # the "bot-" prefix is required. The name of the bot you will create is "robot".
```

    bot_name: bot-robot
  
    allow:
    # Restrict the AWS account and (optionally) ARN that can use this token.
    # This information can be obtained from running the
    # "aws sts get-caller-identity" command from the CLI.
    - aws_account: "111111111111"
      aws_arn: "arn:aws:sts::111111111111:assumed-role/teleport-bot-role/i-*"
  ```

  Next, create the bot user.

  ```
  $ tctl bots add robot --token=iam-token --roles=access
  ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Step 3/4. Start Machine ID

Now start Machine ID using the `tbot` binary. The `tbot start` command will

> start running Machine ID in a loop writing renewable certificates to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
start running Machine ID in a loop, writing renewable certificates to
```

> `/var/lib/teleport` and the short lived certificates your application will use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`/var/lib/teleport` and the short-lived certificates your application will use
```

to `/opt/machine-id`.

In a production environment you will want to run Machine ID in the background
using a service manager like systemd. However, in this guide you will run it in
the foreground to better understand how it works.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem label="Token-based Joining">
  ```code
  $ tbot start \

>      --data-dir=/var/lib/teleport

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     --data-dir=/var/lib/teleport \
```

     --destination-dir=/opt/machine-id \
     --token=00000000000000000000000000000000 \
     --join-method=token \
     --ca-pin=sha256:1111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 \
     --auth-server=auth.example.com:3025
  ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem label="IAM Method">
  ```code
  $ tbot start \

>      --data-dir=/var/lib/teleport

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     --data-dir=/var/lib/teleport \
```

     --destination-dir=/opt/machine-id \
     --token=iam-token \
     --join-method=iam \
     --ca-pin=sha256:1111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 \
     --auth-server=auth.example.com:3025
  ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

Replace the following fields with values from your own cluster.

> * `token` is the token output by `tctl bots add` command or the name of your IAM method token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `token` is the token output by the `tctl bots add` command or the name of your IAM method token
```

> * `ca-pin` is the CA Pin for your Teleport cluster output by the `tctl bots add` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ca-pin` is the CA Pin for your Teleport cluster, and is output by the `tctl bots add` command
```

* `destination-dir` is where Machine ID writes the renewable certificates to, this certificate is only used by Machine ID and should not be used by applications and tools

> * `data-dir` is where Machine ID writes the short lived certificate to, this certificate should be used by applications and tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `data-dir` is where Machine ID writes the short-lived certificate. This certificate should be used by applications and tools.
```

Reviewer: If we accept this suggestion, we should also add a `.` to the end of the other items in this list.

<Details scope={["cloud"]} scopeOnly={true}>
* `auth-server` is the address of your Teleport Auth Server
</Details>
<Details scope={["oss","enterprise"]} scopeOnly={true}>
* `auth-server` is the address of your Teleport Cloud Proxy Server
</Details>

Now that Machine ID has successfully started, let's investigate the
`/opt/machine-id` directory to see what was written to disk.

```
$ tree /opt/machine-id
machine-id
├── key
├── key.pub
├── known_hosts
├── ssh_config
├── sshcacerts
├── sshcert
├── tlscacerts
└── tlscert

0 directories, 8 files
```

This directory contains private key material in the `key.*` files, SSH
certificates in the `ssh*` files, X.509 certificates in the `tls*` files, and

> OpenSSH configuration in `ssh_config` and `known_hosts` files to make it easy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenSSH configuration in the `ssh_config` and `known_hosts` files to make it easy
```

to integrate Machine ID with external applications and tools.

## Step 4/4. Use certificates issued by Machine ID

To use Machine ID, find a host that you want to connect to within your cluster
using `tsh ls`. You might see output like the following on your system.

```code
$ tsh ls
Node Name Address        Labels                        
--------- -------------- ----------------------------- 
node-name  127.0.0.1:3022 arch=x86_64,group=api-servers 
```

To use Machine ID with the OpenSSH integration, run the following command to
connect to `node-name`.

```
ssh -F /opt/machine-id/ssh_config root@node-name
```

<Admonition type="note" title="Roles must have logins defined">

>   If you see the below error, it means the user you are trying to login as is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you see the below error, it means the user you are trying to log in as is
```

---
title: Machine ID Getting Started Guide
description: Getting started with Teleport Machine ID
---

In this getting started guide, you will use Machine ID to create a bot user for
a machine and use that identity to connect to said machine.

Here's an overview of what you will do:

1. Download and install Teleport (=teleport.version=)

> 2. Create bot user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a bot user
```

Reviewer: The overall tone is conversational (as it should be), so I think it's okay to put an article here.

1. Download and install Teleport (=teleport.version=)
2. Create bot user
3. Start Machine ID
4. Use Machine ID

## Prerequisites

Before using Machine ID, you will need an existing Teleport cluster.

> If you have not setup a Teleport cluster before, follow the

Reviewer 5: Nit, pedantic grammar, I apologize in advance. For what it's worth, "setup" is a noun and "set up" is a verb.

```suggestion
If you have not set up a Teleport cluster before, follow the
```

> [Getting started](https://goteleport.com/docs/getting-started) guide to set up a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Getting started](https://goteleport.com/docs/getting-started) guide.
```
to reduce repetition

> Teleport cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Step 1/4. Download and install Teleport (=teleport.version=)

In this step, you will be downloading and installing Teleport binaries onto the
machine you wish to assign an identity to. 

Each Teleport package hosted on our
downloads page ships with several useful binaries, including `teleport`,
`tctl`, `tsh`, and `tbot`:

* `teleport` is the daemon used to initialize a Teleport cluster; this binary is not used in this guide
* `tctl` is the administrative tool you will use to create the bot user (step 1/4)
* `tsh` is the client tool you will use to log in to the Teleport Cluster (steps 2/4 and 4/4)
* `tbot` is the Machine ID tool you will use to associate a bot user with a machine (step 3/4)

Machine ID is available starting from the Teleport `9.0.0` release. Download
the appropriate Teleport package for your platform from our
[downloads page](https://goteleport.com/teleport/download).

> ## Step 2/4. Create bot user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 2/4. Create a bot user
```

editor                                                            user:list,create,read,update,delete,...
```

Machine ID can join with a token or the [IAM Method](https://goteleport.com/docs/setup/guides/joining-nodes-aws) on AWS.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem label="Token-based Joining">
  ```code
  $ tctl bots add robot --roles=access
  ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem label="IAM Method">
  First, create an IAM method token that specifies the AWS account from which
  the bot can join.

  ```
  kind: token
  version: v2
  metadata:
    # The token name is not a secret because instances must prove that they are
    # running in your AWS account to use this token.
    name: iam-token
    # Set a long expiry time. The default for tokens is only 30 minutes.

>     expires: "3000-01-01T00:00:00Z"

Reviewer 6: Should we make this 1 - 2 yrs? vs 292 years?

Reviewer 4: There's no reason for these to be short-lived since they're not used as a security control at all, regular IAM/EC2 joining work identically. I wonder if it's possible to unset `expires` entirely?

Reviewer 4: The automatically-created token from `tctl bots add ...` for regular (renewable, non-IAM) use is only valid for 1 hour, which is hopefully sane.

Author: I think the language here is a bit confusing. This is how long the IAM method joining token is valid for which can be valid for a long time without security concerns.

  spec:
    # Only allow bots to join using this token.
    roles: [Bot]
  
    # Set the join method to be IAM.
    join_method: iam

    # Define the name of the bot that will be allowed to use this token. Note,
    # the "bot-" prefix is required. The name of the bot you will create is "robot".
    bot_name: bot-robot
  
    allow:
    # Restrict the AWS account and (optionally) ARN that can use this token.
    # This information can be obtained from running the
    # "aws sts get-caller-identity" command from the CLI.
    - aws_account: "111111111111"
      aws_arn: "arn:aws:sts::111111111111:assumed-role/teleport-bot-role/i-*"
  ```

  Next, create the bot user.

  ```

>   $ tctl bots add robot --token=iam-token --roles=access

Reviewer 6: I tried IAM yesterday, and the name has to match `bot_name` set in the IAM Token YAML. Updated to match so Copy and Pasting commands works. 
```suggestion
  $ tctl bots add bot-robot --token=iam-token --roles=access
```

Reviewer 4: This will result in a user and role named `bot-bot-robot` which might get a little awkward. I think it might be better to fix this the other way around and have `bot_name` accept, well, a bot name. Some additional discussion on this: https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/issues/10854

Author: @benarent I just tried the instructions as-is and they do work. Can you ping me and show me what's going on? I can help you debug. In the meantime I'll merge this PR as-is.

  ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Step 3/4. Start Machine ID

Now start Machine ID using the `tbot` binary. The `tbot start` command will
start running Machine ID in a loop, writing renewable certificates to
`/var/lib/teleport` and the short-lived certificates your application will use
to `/opt/machine-id`.

In a production environment you will want to run Machine ID in the background
using a service manager like systemd. However, in this guide you will run it in
the foreground to better understand how it works.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem label="Token-based Joining">
  ```code
  $ tbot start \
     --data-dir=/var/lib/teleport \
     --destination-dir=/opt/machine-id \

>      --token=00000000000000000000000000000000 \

Reviewer 6: I found the Token UX to be confusing. This token isn't a normal token from `tctl tokens add` but instead a token from `tctl bots add`.  This is more confusing as the result of `tctl tokens ls` calls `Name` a Token, and it doesn't show type for IAM based joining. 

```
Token                            Type             Labels Expiry Time (UTC)
-------------------------------- ---------------- ------ ----------------------------------------------
machine_id                       Bot                     01 Jan 00 00:00 UTC (2562047h47m16.854775807s)
GsctZmPxhr4F9NV2iaZ              Bot                     01 Jan 00 00:00 UTC (2562047h47m16.854775807s)
```

Reviewer 4: We should probably clarify this more, but they are both Bot tokens by design. They're all the same on the backend (give or take some parameters), but `tctl bots add` creates a random token for you if you don't provide one

Reviewer 6: I know this sounds crazy, but I couldn't get tokens generated by `tctl tokens add` to work, only tokens created by `tctl bots add` were able to connect.

Reviewer 4: It doesn't sound crazy at all, `tctl tokens add` creates a different type of token and we expect `Bot` here. At the moment the only ways to create those tokens are via `tctl bots add ...` (for standard token joining) or `tctl create -f ...` on a YAML token with the proper roles set (for IAM joining).

Author: @benarent I think you have another ticket for this, so I'll resolve this one.

>      --join-method=token \

Reviewer 6: Note, when trying I get this error. `ERROR: unknown long flag '--join-method'`

Author: Strange, not seeing this issue, but I am running on `branch/v9` instead of beta.1.

```
$ tbot start --help
usage: tbot start [<flags>]

Starts the renewal bot, writing certificates to the data dir at a set interval.

Flags:
  -d, --debug            Verbose logging to stdout
  -c, --config           tbot.yaml path
  -a, --auth-server      Specify the Teleport auth server host
      --token            A bot join token, if attempting to onboard a new bot; used on first connect.
      --ca-pin           A repeatable auth server CA hash to pin; used on first connect.
      --data-dir         Directory to store internal bot data.
      --destination-dir  Directory to write generated certificates
      --certificate-ttl  TTL of generated certificates
      --renew-interval   Interval at which certificates are renewed; must be less than the certificate TTL.
      --join-method      Method to use to join the cluster.
```

     --ca-pin=sha256:1111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 \
     --auth-server=auth.example.com:3025
  ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem label="IAM Method">
  ```code
  $ tbot start \
     --data-dir=/var/lib/teleport \
     --destination-dir=/opt/machine-id \
     --token=iam-token \
     --join-method=iam \
     --ca-pin=sha256:1111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 \
     --auth-server=auth.example.com:3025
  ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

Replace the following fields with values from your own cluster.

* `token` is the token output by the `tctl bots add` command or the name of your IAM method token
* `ca-pin` is the CA Pin for your Teleport cluster, and is output by the `tctl bots add` command

> * `destination-dir` is where Machine ID writes the renewable certificates to, this certificate is only used by Machine ID and should not be used by applications and tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `destination-dir` is where Machine ID writes renewable certificates, which are only used by Machine ID and should not be used by applications and tools
```

* `auth-server` is the address of your Teleport Cloud Proxy Server
</Details>

Now that Machine ID has successfully started, let's investigate the
`/opt/machine-id` directory to see what was written to disk.

```
$ tree /opt/machine-id
machine-id
├── key
├── key.pub
├── known_hosts
├── ssh_config
├── sshcacerts
├── sshcert
├── tlscacerts
└── tlscert

0 directories, 8 files
```

This directory contains private key material in the `key.*` files, SSH
certificates in the `ssh*` files, X.509 certificates in the `tls*` files, and
OpenSSH configuration in the `ssh_config` and `known_hosts` files to make it easy
to integrate Machine ID with external applications and tools.

## Step 4/4. Use certificates issued by Machine ID

To use Machine ID, find a host that you want to connect to within your cluster
using `tsh ls`. You might see output like the following on your system.

```code
$ tsh ls
Node Name Address        Labels                        
--------- -------------- ----------------------------- 
node-name  127.0.0.1:3022 arch=x86_64,group=api-servers 
```

To use Machine ID with the OpenSSH integration, run the following command to
connect to `node-name`.

```

> ssh -F /opt/machine-id/ssh_config root@node-name

Reviewer 6: We should add a note, that this requires port 22 to be open to the machine. In my case, I only had port 22 open for my home IP and I had to open it up.

Reviewer 4: Oh, I think this might be a typo in the docs, the node name needs to be suffixed with the cluster name, e.g.

```
ssh -F /opt/machine-id/ssh_config root@node-name.example.com
```

(It uses the same logic as `tsh config`)

Reviewer 6: That did the trick, I would suggest we make it clear that `example.com` is the cluster name, as it's easy to get confused with Top Level Domains

```

<Admonition type="note" title="Roles must have logins defined">
  If you see the below error, it means the user you are trying to log in as is
  not specified under `logins` in the role you are using. If you have been
  following along with the `access` role, run
  `tctl get roles/access > access.yaml`, update the `logins` field, and update
  your role with `tctl create -f access.yaml`.

  ```code
  $ ssh -F /opt/machine-id/ssh_config root@node-name
  root@node-name: Permission denied (publickey).
  kex_exchange_identification: Connection closed by remote host
  ```
</Admonition>

Now you can replace any invocations of `ssh` with the above command to provide
your applications and tools a machine identity that can be rotated, audited,
and controlled with all the familiar Teleport access controls.

{
/*
TODO(russjones): Once we have other links, include them here.

## Next Steps

For the next steps, dive deeper into the topics relevant to your Machine ID use-case, for example:

* Check out configuration [guides](./guides.mdx).

> * See [frequently asked questions](./faq.mdx).

Reviewer 5: Once they're done, I think we should link the Jenkins and Ansible guides in this section. @russjones what do you think?

Author: Sure, will do.
